Title 
Cybersecurity Specialist

Profil du candidat
If you’d like to deal with technological and digital projects, keen on new challenges and ready to propose an innovative approach in an international context, this is the right opportunity for you.

TotalEnergies Italia Servizi is seeking a Cybersecurity Specialist: you will manage and implement cybersecurity projects for all the Company's entities in Italy. You will have the opportunity to work in a dynamic and global environment, collaborating with passionate individuals from different fields, being part of our pioneering journey.

Degree in Computer Science, Software Development or equivalent in Network Engineering
5 years of IT experience, preferably in the upstream petroleum industry.
High level knowledge of all IS processes, networks, and infrastructures.
Formal certification such as Cisco Certified Network Administrator (CCNA) or equivalent is a plus.
Knowledge of firewall, SDWAN technologies is a plus.
Good knowledge of Microsoft Windows Server and client operating systems is a plus.
Extensive level of skills and knowledge of information cybersecurity. Formal certification is not required but an equivalent level to be able to gain CISSP (Certified Information Systems Security Professional) is a plus.
Good interpersonal and business communication skills with ability to interact across all levels within the organization up to the Managing director, across geographical boundaries/international environment and with all stakeholders.
Fluent in English and Italian.

Activités
The IS Security Specialist is responsible for the implementation and control of SIE risks management policies according to Company directives.

With assistance and support from the IT Manager, the scope of the activities includes:

Define with the local management the IS security policy and governance, compliant with the IS security referential specified at TotalEnergies Company level and local regulation.
Ensure the effective application of TotalEnergies Company and Branch directives, rules and guidelines relating to IS security.
Define the affiliate IS security rules and recommendations, monitor their application, and report non-conformities
Assist the affiliate in their classification initiative of IS resources and risk mapping
Guide the definition of risk mitigation plans related to security weaknesses or granted waiver and then monitor their progress.
Ensure all necessary actions/measures are taken to minimize the presence/impact of IS security vulnerabilities.
Contribute, together with the branch's level 1 Cyber team, to the remediation by monitoring the action plan aimed at reducing the detected vulnerabilities.
Support locally the audit, review and security tests managed by the company representatives.
Validates change requests that have an impact on cyber security.
Actively participate in the provision of all training, presentations, and communications, aimed at ensuring and raising IS cyber security awareness in the affiliate.