title
IT Domain Manager – General Administration

Profil du candidat

Your Profile
You are a Master Degree holder (in IT, Finance or equivalent),
You have 6+ years of experience in Business Analysis/ Project Management
You have been involved in complex projects in a fast-paced and international environment
You have strong communication skills and teamwork spirit,
You are able to work in tight deadlines, and you are autonomous
You are flexible and agile, solution oriented and you are recognised for your influence skills.
You are fluent in French and English
At TotalEnergies, we believe that our employees’ fulfilment has its roots in the wealth of the experiences they are offered. We are an equal opportunity employer committed to respecting diversity and inclusion in the workplace.
Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard for race, color, gender, religion, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any other protected group status.

Activités
We have an exciting new opportunity to join our Information and Digital Systems (IDS) Shared Services Team in Geneva as a IT Domain Manager – in charge of General Administration business projects.

About Us

TotalEnergies has developed a strong expertise in oil and biofuels, natural gas and electricity trading. Trading entities are based in Geneva, Paris, Houston and Singapore.
TotalEnergies installed its European trading hub across oil and biofuels, natural gas and electricity in Geneva, which now bring together very large teams around trading activities: Trading & Shipping (T&S) and TotalEnergies Gas and Power (TGP).

Job Dimension

We are looking to enhance our IDS Shared Services team to support the growth of our trading activities (T&S and TGP), and therefore expand new Business applications.
The IDS Shared Services team is part of the Information and Digital Systems (IDS) department, which is a mutualized function for trading activities.
Reporting to the General Manager IDS Shared services, you will be responsible for coordinating teams, orchestrating their activities, and overseeing projects within the Shared Services domain, encompassing various departments.
As part of a 10-people team, you will be responsible for providing efficient and tailored IT tools for various professions while ensuring quality and security. Additionally, you will oversee the proper functioning and evolution of the Information System (IS).
You will evolve in a fast-paced and international environment, and you will have the chance to work with passionate people about what they do and who are never short in ideas.
 
What you will do

Activities
As our IT Domain Manager – General Administration, you will be given the following responsibilities:
Team Leadership
Coordonate and Manage the team on a daily basis
Allocate tasks and projects among the different team members, to optimize the use of each individual's skills
Organize skills development within the team.
Monitor the objectives’ achievement
Participate in the recruitment and oversight of Business Analysts/developers
Ensure compliance with the team’s operating rules.
Conduct weekly feedback sessions with the General Manager and SVPs
Business Project Management
Design and propose new functionalities taking into account the needs expressed by the business teams and the strategic orientations of the Information System including technical aspects
Address complex issues raised by users that require expertise in business and Information System processes
Ensure the relevance and consistency of implemented functionalities
Translate user needs into development requests for developers (functional and technical specifications)
Define, in collaboration with end users and the General Manager Shared Services, development priorities and planning and ensure adherence to deadlines.
Accept and ensure quality control of developments
Drive change by supporting users in adopting new features
Communicate with project sponsors, end users, other divisions of the BU as well as other IT teams
Contribute to the technical evolution of the Information System
Ensure compliance with current internal/external standards and regulations